Added privacy policy (#1566)
r-Techsupport/TechSupportBot: documentation/PrivacyPolicy.md

- Member joins and leaves
- Member role changes
- Channel creation, deletion, and modification
- Guild (server) updates
- Role creation, deletion, and modification
- Command usage (author, channel, content up to 100 characters)

### XP System
- **User ID** and **guild ID** paired with an integer XP value, updated whenever a qualifying message is sent

### Applications
- **Application submissions** are stored in the database tied to the applicant's User ID

### Duck Hunt (Fun Module)
- **User ID** and duck hunt statistics (kill/friend counts, speed records) stored per user

### Grabs
- **User ID** and content of messages "grabbed" by moderators or other users

## 3. How We Use Your Data
Data is used solely for the legitimate operation of the server:
- **Moderation records** (warnings, bans, notes) are used by server moderators to maintain community safety and accountability
- **Modmail threads** allow users to privately contact the moderation team and allow staff to track conversation history
- **Event logs** are used by administrators to audit server activity and investigate incidents
- **XP data** is used to reward participation and assign XP-based roles

> - **Application dat**a is used to process membership or role applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Application data** is used to process membership or role applications
```

- **Fun module data** (duck hunt, grabs) is used for community engagement features

> We do not sell, share or transfer your data to any third parties.

Reviewer: This is not true, since data is transmitted to third parties (libera.chat) for the relay, as mentioned on line 89.

## 4. Data Retention

> - **Moderation records** (warnings, bans, notes, modmail bans) are retained indefinitely unless manually removed by a moderator or deleted by you via the `/data_delete` command (if you have administrator access to the Bot, otherwise please see section 5)

Reviewer: I don't understand the "or deleted by you" part. From what I understand only admins can delete the moderation records, right?
```suggestion
- **Moderation records** (warnings, bans, notes, modmail bans) are retained indefinitely unless manually removed by a moderator
```
Something like this might be clearer?

- **Ban logs** are retained indefinitely for moderation audit purposes
- **Modmail thread content** is archived (not deleted) when a thread is closed and remains in the modmail forum channel

> - **Event logs** are sent to Discord log channels and subject to Discord's own message retention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Event logs** are sent to Discord log channels and subject to Discord's own message retention policies
```

> - **XP, application, duck hunt, and grab data** are retained indefinitely until manually cleared or until you request deletion via `/data_delete` to the appropriate channel of communication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **XP, application, duck hunt, and grab data** are retained indefinitely until manually cleared or until data deletion is requested
```
Might be better to just keep the instuctions for deleting the data in section 5. instead of having them listed multiple times

## 5. Your Rights and Data Deletion

> You have the right to request deletion of certain personal data. The Bot provides a built-in `/data_delete` command that allows you to permanently and irreversibly delete:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have the right to request deletion of certain personal data. The Bot provides a built-in `/data delete` command that allows you to permanently and irreversibly delete:
```
command name has changed

- All submitted applications and their history
- Duck hunt participation records (speed records, kill/friend counts)
- All grabbed messages associated with your account
- Your XP data across all servers (including XP-based roles)

This action **cannot be undone**.

Data that cannot be self-deleted via this command includes:
- Moderation warnings, notes, and ban logs (these can be removed by a moderator upon reasonable request)
- Modmail thread content (as it forms part of the moderation record)

> To request deletion of data not covered by `/data_delete`, contact the server moderation team via modmail (via Discord server or Reddit modmail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To request deletion of data not covered by `/data delete`, contact the server moderation team via modmail (via Discord server or Reddit modmail).
```

## 6. Data Security
The Bot is self-hosted on infrastructure controlled by the r/TechSupport team. Data is stored in a PostgreSQL database accessible only to authorized server operators.

While most Bot functionality operates entirely within Discord, certain modules are capable of transmitting content to external third-party services:

> - Paste module (currently active): May send message content to an external paste service when the `/paste` command is used

Reviewer: There is no /paste command, it is automatic when your message is too long
